Create README.md (#271)
openmrs/openmrs-esm-patient-management: packages/esm-patient-registration-app/README.md

# esm-patient-registration-app

> ## Configuring the Registration App to show your custom content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuring the Registration App to collect custom observations
```
